feat(gen): add troubleshooting template (#4590)
scaleway/docs-content: macros/general/troubleshooting-ticket.mdx

---
macro: troubleshooting-ticket
---

> If you did not manage to identify the error and solve it by yourself, [open a support ticket](/account/how-to/open-a-support-tickets/#writing-an-effective-subject-and-description), and provide as many details as possible, along with the necessary information below:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you still cannot solve your problem, [open a support ticket](/account/how-to/open-a-support-tickets/#writing-an-effective-subject-and-description), providing as many details as possible including the information below:
```

    - Resource ID
    - Resource name

>     - Request type (PUT, GET, etc.)

Reviewer: Since request type and HTTP status code will not be relevant to all issues, I'd move them to the bottom of the list with an (if applicable) after each

    - HTTP status code
    - Date and time (timestamp)
    - User-agent (SDK, client, console, etc.)
    - Transaction ID (if possible)
    - Log / trace of the error (if possible)

>     - Screenshots

Reviewer: Could we link to the tool they should use to provide screenshots? Maybe check with Support the service they generally ask clients to use (I can't remember it off the top of my head)
